She's sexy. man!
Who is this? - Jamal?
I'll get the bags.
- Who are you? What do you want?
You stupid boys! - Pack it in! Put that.
How did you find me?
Take the cash. Come on!
We got it. Let's go!
Shit.
Look who we have here!
Hello again.
Jamal. Salim.
I never forget a face.
Have a nose
especially one that I own.
You really thought you could just
walk in and take my prize away?
Latika. come.
Have you any idea how much
this little virgin is worth?
Please continue. Master-Ji. - Ok. sir.
Get them out of here! - No!
Move! Get over there!
Let's not be foolish. Salim.
Heavy. isn't it? Give it to me.
On your knees! Down!
Both of you! Down!
Money!
You can have money. here.
Look.
Take it. Go. disappear with your friend.
And we'll forget all about this. ok?
Maman never forgets. Isn't that right?
Oh. Maman can make an exception. huh?
I can't take that risk Maman. Sorry.
Let's go.
Stay! - Jamal!
Let's go! Let's go!
Who invented the revolver?
Samuel Colt.
Final answer?
Final answer.
Jamal Malik. you're on a dream run.
My heart says you're gonna win more.
Computer... (speaks Hindi) A (speaks Hindi).
I was right.
The chaiwalla has done it again.
Incredible!
Reception!
(Speaks Hindi)
Stay there. Look away.
I'll know if you're looking.
No i'm not.
Is Salim still there?
Where is Salim?
I don't know.
You're a sweet boy. Jamal.
I'm looking for Javed.
Motherchud! He's not looking for you.
I killed Maman.
and I'll kill you too.
Easy.
Did you really kill him?
Good. My enemy's enemy is a friend.
Come here. my friend.
I've been looking for someone like you.
You came back for me.
Of course.
I thought you'd forgotten.
I never forgot. Not for one moment.
I knew I'd find you in the end.
It's our destiny.
Destiny?
Thank you.
Come.
No. brother. You had a lot to drink.
I am the elder. I am the boss.
For once you do as I say.
Now get out!
Come on. I saved your life. didn't I?
Salim. please...
I'll kill you!
I am number one now.
Salim! Open!
Shut up!
The man with the Colt 45 says shut up!
Go now or gun master will
shoot you right between the eyes.
Don't think you want.
I'm giving you five seconds.
One.
Two.
Go. Jamal.
Ciao.
So. did you see them again?
I wouldn't be here if I had.
Was she pretty?
I guess not.
The most beautiful woman in the world.
You mean of the beach of the slum.
Well well... the slumdog barks.
Money and women.
The reasons for make most mistakes in life.
Looks like you've mixed up both.
Srinivas. you need the exersice.
Go and get me something to eat.
Yes sir.
And chai.
Idiot. Srinivas.
You puzzled me slumdog.
Admitting murder (?)
is not exactly clever thinking.
Now why would you do that?
When somebody asks me a
question I tell them the answer.
So. how did you manage to get on the show?
Okay everyone. listen up.
It's been a big week for UK.
Kat is back.
But she is already back. Bardi... Jamal?
Oh. well. she did come back. then she
went away when Alfie split up with her.
And now she's back again. but it
looks as if Alfie still fancies more...
Thank you. Jamal.
Bardi. keep up. The
chaiwalla knows more than you.
Anyway. there's also the
festival in Edinburgh.
Anybody knows Edinburgh. Edinburgh?
Kilts. castles. haggis. Ben Navis.
Good. yes?
Inspector Taggart. whiskey. Sean Connery.
Good. and "lochs". Their word for lakes.
No filming.
Jamal. come here.
I'm on "Millionaire" duty today.
Dave!
Please. just for five minutes. - I can't.
Sit here.
If the (?) comes just pretend you're
on a call doing an upgrade for...
..."Friends and Family". I know. - Yeah.
Two minutes.
"Who wants to be a millionaire?"
Dial this number now!
Hello. Hello!
I would like to be a contestant of
"Who wants to be a millionaire?"
Bloody bastard. I never get it.
You have to dial. when Prem says "if".
That's when they open the lines.
How the hell do you know that?
That's what Anjum in Technical
says. He put a system in.
Hello? Hello? (?) for god's sake?
Hello? Dear god will somebody talk to me?
Hello. Mrs MacKintosh from Kin.. gussie.
It's Kingussie. love. Pronounced: "Kee-nu-ssi".
So where are you from? Abroad i bet?
Just down the road from
your house. Mrs. MacKintosh.
Next to the "loch".
Ok. which "loch"?
"Loch" Big... "loch" Ben... "Loch" Big Ben.
Next door to Sean Connery's flat.
Look. I'd like to your supervisor. son?
(Disconnected).
What name do you require?
Search complete. 26.283 results found.
15 results found.
Yes?
Salim?
Who is this? Do you know what time is this?
Hello?
Who is this?
I'm calling from XL5 Communications sir.
As a valued customer. we are offering you
a free upgrade with our "Friends and...
...family"
Jamal? Is that you. brother?
Where are you?
I thought you were dead or something.
Listen. we had to go Jamal.
Maman's guys... they
were searching the hotel.
Jamal? Say something. please!
Hello. Salim.
Cambridge Circus is not in Cambridge.
Can I ask why?
Too obvious. There's definitely
an Oxford Circus in London
There's a rowing race
between Oxford and Cambridge.
so ther's probably a
Cambridge Circus too. no?
I'll go for D. London.
Computer (speaks Hindi) D (speaks Hindi).
Jamal Malik. you are absolutely right.
It's getting hot in here.
Are you nervous?
What?
Am I nervous?
It's you who's in the hot seat. my friend.
Oh yes. sorry.
He's got prey on the run.
Finally.
A few hours ago
you were giving chai for the phone wallas.
And now you're richer
than they will ever be.
What a player!
Ladies and gentlemen. what a player!
Jamal?
God is good. Bhai. God is good.
Maman's guys were out for
us. We just had to escape.
- Liar.
- I left a message for you at work.
We waited for weeks for you at (?)
- There was no message.
- Bhai. I definitely left a message.
There was no message! There was no message!!
I will never forgive you.
I know.
That used to be our slum.
Can you believe that. huh?
We used to live right there man.
Now is all business.
India is at the center of the world now. Bhai.
And I...
I am at the center of the center.
This is all Javed heights.
Javed Khan? The gangster from our slum?
You work for him?
Come on. Who else would save
us from Maman's guys. huh?
What do you do for him?
Anything he asks.
He's coming. You need
to go now. Take my card.
What for?
You think them gonna let you
out of my sight again. huh?
You stay with me my younger brother.
Now go. My place.
Salim! Where is Latika?
Still?
She's gone brother. Long gone.
Now go. Go to my place.
You get there. I'll be right there.
Oh Lord forgive me. I
know that I have sinned.
I am your new cook from the
agency. Thousands apologies!
I'm so late for the mensa!
Just a minute.
Excuse me. Excuse me.
There's nothing about any cook.
There's a dishwasher being delivered.
Do you know anything about that?
(Speaks Hindi) I... I'm your dishwasher.
Look at you.
I've found you.
Your face.
You've hurt your eye.
Why are you here?
To see you.
You see me. now what?
Why does everyone love this program?
This is a chance to escape. isn't it?
Walk into another life.
Oh. god.
Javed will kill you. Here.
Javed?
You are with him?
First. you want a dishwasher.
now you want this fucking cook. huh?
He's just... - Shut up!
The cricket is on
and why you watch this shit tv?
At least I am a millionaire.
Come on. I am hungry. Make me a sandwich.
Come away with me.
Away? Where?
And live out what?
Love.
Come away with me. Now.
Salim will help us.
Salim? You still believe in Salim?
Jamal. I'll be gone soon anyway.
We're getting out of Bombay.
Where?
You think he'd tell me?
No! No! No!
What is this shit?
Get out! Get out!
Go. before he kills us both.
You want to do something for me?
- Anything.
Then forget me.
What? No.
I will wait. The VT station.
5 o'clock. every day until you come.
I love you.
So what? It's too late. Jamal. Now go.
So Jamal.
Which cricketer has scored the most
first class centuries in history?
A:Sachin Tendulkar
B:Ricky Ponting
C:Michael Slater
D:Jack Hobbs
But remember. if you answer wrong
you lose everything. just like this.
So do you want to do this?
Dreams of so many...
on the floor.
Time for commercial break ladies and gentlemen
I know. I know. I can't stand the tension either.
We'll be right back.
Guy from the slums becomes
a millionaire overnight.
You know who's the only other
person who's done that?
Me.
I know what it feels like.
I know what you're being through.
I'm not going to become a millionaire.
I don't know the answer.
You said that before. yeah...
Really. this time I don't.
Come on. you can't take the money and run now.
You are on the edge of history kid.
I don't see what else I can do.
Maybe it's written my friend.
I just have some kind of gut
feeling. you're gonna win this.
Trust me. Jamal.
You're gonna win.
Standby. everyone. We are on line in 13...
(speaks Hindi)
Yeah. he's gone. I'm just giving...
Go fast.
20 seconds!
Do the right thing and in approximately 3 minutes
you'll be as famous as me.
10 seconds!
And as rich as me. Almost.
5 seconds! 4... 3...
From rags to raja. It's your destiny.
We are on. Applause and music please!
Welcome back to "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?"!
In the chair tonight is Jamal
Malik. as if we don't know.
For 10 million rupees.
To question once again.
Which cricketer has scored the most first class centuries in history?
No it isn't Sachin Tendulkar.
That's a start.
So it could be Ricky Ponting. Jack Hobbs or Michael Slater.
I'll use a lifeline. Fifty-fifty.
ok.
Computer. take away the two wrong answers please.
Well. you were right about Sachin Tendulkar.
That leaves your fifty-fifty choice. Jamal.
B: Ricky Ponting or D: Jack Hobbs.
What do you think?
Decision time. For 10 million rupees.
B: Ricky Ponting
or D: Jack Hobbs.
D.
Not B?
The Ricky Ponting. the Australian great cricketer?
D. Jack Hobbs.
You know?
So it could be B. Ricky Ponting?
Or D. Jack Hobbs.
The final answer. D.
Computer (speaks Hindi) D.
(Speaks Hindi) D.
With 197 first class centuries. the answer is...
D. Jack Hobbs!
Jamal Malik! Millionaire!
Do the dance! Come on!
Well done! Well done.
Are you ready for the final question?
For 20 million rupees.
No. But maybe it's written.
Maybe.
Okay. The final question! On who wants to be a...
What a show ladies and gentlemen! What a show!
Join us tomorrow night
to see if Jamal Malik has made the biggest mistake
of his life on just one answer. Biggest one.
This way.
Great show.
See you tomorrow ok.
Be on time. Bye.
What's going on?
- He's a cheat. - How do you know he's cheating?
(Speaks Hindi). I fed him the wrong answer. and he never should call it right.
You gave him an answer?
Not exactly. Well that doesn't matter. That's my show!
My fucking show!
It is a bizarrely plausible. and yet...
Because I'm a slumdog. a chaiwalla.
I'm a liar right?
Most of you are.
But you are not a liar. Mr Malik. That's for sure.
You are too truthful.
We're done.
I don't know where they've taken her.
Latika.
I went on the show. because I thought she'd be watching.
Jamal Malik. an uneducated 18 year
old boy from the slums of Mumbay.
wins one draw by (?) player
And the crowd around me bears an even bigger question:
Will he be back tonight to play for another 20 million rupees?
Hey give me a kiss.
Go girls!
Yes. I couldn't hear a thing in there.
You've got to get us back into town.
As if it wasn't enough drama in a contestant reaching the final question.
Jamal Malik was last night arrested on suspicion of fraud.
That guy. (?) Clever.
Crazy "chudge".
Here. go.
But...
Just drive. There won't be another chance.
He will kill you.
I'll take care of him.
Salim. I can't.
You have to.
(?) out of this.
Evil what I've done please forgive me.
Have a good life.
You're back on the show.
Come on!
Jamal? The millionaire?
The multi-millionaire? The one with all the cash?
Go son. go with my blessing and win it all.
We love you Jamal!
The nation's gripped with millionaire fever.
As Jamal Malik. an uneducated (?) from the Juhu slum in Mumbay.
won a staggering 10 million rupee
on a television show who wants to be a millionaire.
and estimated 90 million people watching us tonight
to see if he will make a one stage further to 20 million rupees.
Where is everyone? Get back in there!
Get back to work!
Chaiwalla?
Welcome back to who wants to be a millionaire.
I can safetly say that tonight
is the biggest night of both our lives.
Jamal Malik. the call assistant worker from Mumbay.
has already won 10 million.
He can walk away with that in his pocket
or make the biggest gamble in television history.
to go for the final question
and a staggering 20 million rupees.
Are you ready for that question?
Yes. - Jamal!
Big reader you. Jamal?
I can read.
Lucky.
In Alexandre Dumas' book. the "The Three Musketeers".
two of the musketeers are called Athos and Porthos.
What was the name of the third Musketeer?
A: Aramis
B: Cardinal Richelieu
C: D'Artagnan
D: Planchet
She could be the third musketeer.
Final question for 20 million rupees. and he is smiling.
I guess you know the answer.
Do you believe it. I don't.
You don't?
So you take the 10 million and walk?
No. I'll play.
Let remind you. Jamal.
If you get the answer wrong.
you lose everything.
10 million rupees. Jamal.
It's a fortune.
I'd like to phone a friend.
You're going to the wire.
The final lifeline. Here we go.
It's ringing!
Who is it?
That's my brother's number. but...
The kind of brother. who go for a walk on a 20 million rupee question?
It's the only number I know.
You are on your own. Jamal.
Hello?
Hello. Jamal?
I'm guessing that isn't your brother.
This is...
My name is Latika.
Okay. Latika.
You want to hear the question one more time? And let's be clear about this.
20 million rupees right on your answer. you have 30 seconds.
Jamal. please read out the question to Latika now.
- It is really you? - Yes.
The question. Jamal. The question!
In Alexandre Dumas' book. the "The Three Musketeers".
two of the musketeers are called Athos and Porthos.
What was the name of the third Musketeer?
Was it A: Aramis. B: Cardinal Richelieu. C: D'Artagnan or D: Planchet?
15 seconds!
Where are you?
I am safe.
10 seconds!
Latika. what do you think?
I don't know. I've never known.
Jamal. without money...
You really are on your own now. Jamal.
Your final answer for 20 million rupees.
A.
A. because?
Just... because.
Hey. Salim!
Final answer?
Yes. final answer. A. Aramis.
Computer. (speaks Hindi) A.
Jamal Malik. call center assistant from Mumbay.
chaiwalla.
for two draws 20 million rupees
you were asked who the third musketeer was in novel by Alexander Dumas.
You answered A. Aramis.
Which is. I have to tell you.
The right answer!
Jamal Malik!
God is great.
What a night!
I knew you'd be watching.
I thought we'd be together only in death.
This is our destiny.
Kiss me.
D: it is written
ok (: